Account for extension length when truncating filename (#31)
sindresorhus/filenamify: readme.md

> Truncate the filename to the given length.

Reviewer: Here we refer to the "filename" as the whole thing including extension, but below you refer to it as only the part without the extension.

> Only filename is truncated, preserving the extension. If the extension itself is longer than `maxLength`, you'll get a string that is longer than requested, so you need to check for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only the filename is truncated, preserving the extension. If the extension itself is longer than `maxLength`, you will get a string that is longer than `maxLength`, so you need to check for that if you allow arbitrary extensions.
```

> 

Reviewer: You also need to update index.d.ts
